is a hack it belongs on the back
deck is no business running
about as far as I'm concerned
Paul will always be a mate he's
not a captain in my eyes I truly
do not think it would be as much
of a threat as he is this season
boy was I wrong he is right on
Mickael ball is in the right
frame of mind you know what he's
done is not the crew in you know
all the drama what's going on
over there he's really a good
fisherman you watch still gonna
be on in like a power there's a
billion join around so many
beijing it's not even funny
we're gonna catch twenty great
and then wake this season being
a captain of a boat that I
actually own has been really
tough the biggest learning curve
I've had this year has been
trying to manage people I meet
my crew feel unappreciated and
that is not what a good captain
us they did what anybody would
have done and then I fish find
myself
and then the guys came back but
Lance had me second guess in
light choices at the most stupid
thing I ever heard of somebody's
mouth I realized this just was
not gonna work wetlands he's a
good man but the gamble is all
on me all the bills are all on
May 3rd generation tuna
fishermen I need to be able to
trust my own and tanks right at
almost alone time thank God I
got Brad I'll tell you that he
is really really stuck with me
he's the best angle I've ever
been with them my life
hundred feet 300 it's so
satisfying to prove that
everyone that doubted me as a
captain and there's a lot of
doubters that I can win this
whole thing because I'm telling
you right now it's gonna happen
dealt with a lot of crap this
season including me but he's
stuck it out he hit his stride
as a captain here
proud of those bluefin family of
three
come to dinner they will serve
you serve giant blue they have
three calling the bluefin
variety of three